# ChristianAnchorez_SIA_assignment
My Expectations when Studying Introduction to System Integration and Architecture

Taking the course Introduction to System Integration and Architecture, I hope to understand how various computer systems, applications, and technologies can be integrated so that they function as a single unit. Because contemporary organizations use combined systems to enhance efficiency and communication, I anticipate grasping the fundamental systems design and how architecture facilitates these operations. I also anticipate this topic to provide me with a good base on how companies and industries employ integration in answering dilemmas as well as achieving their objectives.

I also anticipate learning how to analyze, design, and assess various system designs practically. This involves understanding methodologies, tools, and frameworks that can be applied to provide systems with compatibility and reliability. I look forward to the subject also helping me develop the ability to think critically when defining problems and designing solutions that integrate more than one technology. Such skills are crucial since they will not only equip me for research projects at the academic level but also for future actual challenges in information technology.

Finally, I anticipate this subject to enhance my problem-solving and collaboration skills. As system integration tends to involve cooperation, I expect us to be subjected to activities or assignments that urge us to implement what we have learned in real-world scenarios. At the completion of the course, I expect to feel more confident in knowing how systems are constructed, integrated, and enhanced. In general, I feel that Introduction to System Integration and Architecture will be a crucial aspect of my growth as a potential IT professional.
